So to create a new product here we have to well define it.
We have a new javascript object right here.
So in this object I create a new constant named new product maybe this constant will hold an object
which represents the product we want to create and store in the database.
And then this content we now have to provide the structure of a new product.
Now a product code typically have two properties a name and a price for example.
So the name would be our request body.
Right.
And here the Name property second part price would be the same would be all request body and we want
to get the price of our products by the way.
We should also name our database accordingly.
So this should be products not places test places is what we use in our course project.
Therefore the confusion here.
So now we created a new javascript object that represents a new product.
Now we need to get this into our Mongo TB database.
This is the next thing we have to add here.
And for that I'll use a new constant named client maybe here we use a new instance of our Mongo client
that we've previously created and the Mongol client now needs information regarding the server we want
to establish any connection to.
And for us this is about you are L so we can add this constant right here.
Very important note though this part right here does not establish t connection.
We'll do that in a few seconds.
This code just tells Hmong would be.
And the Hmong client which server we want to connect all but initiating the connection is not taking
place at this stage of the code because this is what you will add right now.
And for that will add a try catch block y try catch it because connecting to the server can fail or
creating a product can also fail.
Therefore we want to make sure in case any of these things go wrong then we catch this error and we
stop the code execution for that.
Let's quickly add to catch cold block here in the Arora case and if you have an error we want to return.
That's important you have to return your otherwise to code execution won't stop at this point and we
want it to stop.
So we want to return a response in Jason format and the response should contain a message stating that
we could not store data.
So that's the case but actually we want to make sure that our connection is established and we can use
our client that we defined right here because the client knows that we want to target a specific server
a specific you are L and for that we have an asynchronous task because connecting to the server is a
task that can take a few moments.
Therefore we have an asynchronous operation right here and now we want to refer to our client and here
to the Connect method this number finally established a connection to our Mongo DB server wifi connection
being established we have to continue with what.
Well now we want to access a specific database on that server for that we can create another constant
maybe name it TB for database and we again refer to our client.
But here to DDP effort now and here we can either provide an argument or not if we don't provide an
argument as we do it right here TB will take the connection string so to your elo that is provided up
here no you are L constant we could also provide an argument then TB would take this database now we
got access to the database and what we want to do right now is we actually want to well access a collection
in that database and inside this collection with them on to create a new product.
Here we could now use a new constant resolved in this case and our result should not be added to our
database and here to a new collection right.
The connection is what contains all our different documents and in the collection you know to provide
the name of the collection as an argument in case a collection with the name you provide is not existing.
The collection will be created automatically among would you be in case the collection is existing.
But then the document will be added to this existing collection in our case.
I will name the collection products here and now inside this collection we want to insert one as you
can see have different insert methods.
All too many but in our case we want to insert one single new document one single new product and this
new product we want to insert is our new product right here with that we almost have a working code
right here.
So we open the connection got database access that access to the collection and created a new document
and we catch any errors.
What's missing now here is the closing of our connection because if you open the connection it will
remain open until you manually close it.
And that's not necessarily what you want because having opened hundreds of connections is not very efficient
and also not the way you should interact with your database.
Therefore after each creation of a new product we should make sure that our current connection is closed.
Therefore we again refer to our client and now to the close method with that connection it is closed
and we also should send a response here.
So we refer to our response and refer to the adjacent method and to Europe want to send back our newly
created product.
So this would be our basic syntax here.
What is missing of course is the connection to our aptly as file because at the moment D monger j ust
file is not related.
So we should make sure that once we enter our post path with Slash products well then our manager s
code should be executed and therefore we should be able to create a new product to do so.
We need to import the failure for that let's create a new constant and let's maybe call it Mongol practice
right here and here we require
all filed this is located in thoughts slash Mongol.
No need to add defied extension right here and now we can add Mongol practice as an argument for the
post method.
And here we have to refer to create product because that's what we want to do right here.
We're going to create a new product so this was a lot of work.
Let's now start our development server with NPM start and now go to postmen and create a new post request
targeting local host 3000 slash products and you want to create a new product.
Therefore we have to provide the body raw and the Jason format here and our body must contain a name.
The name is maybe Apple here and the price may be 99 cents right here so let's see if we now sent this
request.
Yeah we see we get back the name price and decided this was automatically added among wouldbe that's
a default feature in the end.
We will have a look at the idea what it is and how it works towards the end of this module.
So for the moment you can just ignore it and if we now go to our database here's our cluster right.
And then two collections
we can see the products test database.
Now this database was created due to the fact that we named it products test and we get the products
collection that's a collection name that we defined and in this collection we now got our first document
the apple for pseudocode ninety nine.
So this is working fine now with that we are now able to create new products in our among would be database.
The next step now is to work on getting the products.